High in this video just a quick note about the usage of the variable names and kw args which are traditional
when we have a variable number of positional and keyword only arguments respectively.
So we've seen this before.
Let's go ahead and try to create a very simple decorator so our decorator is going to decorate some
function f I'm calling it f because I don't know what the function is.
So I'm not trying to give any particular meaning to f other than indicating it's a function.
So maybe you're better off writing clunk let's say to be even more explicit about what we're expecting.
Now we have in a function.
And remember what our inner function is going to do it's going to do two things.
Q I'm going to do something very simple.
I'm just going to print out a formatted string that says that we called our phunk Dunder name.
OK.
So we will print out to the Consolo we call that function and then it's going to call the function with
what will.
Whatever the arguments are that that function func expects I don't know what they are but I'm collecting
them in the in a function because that's going to be our closure that gets returned.
So in this case it makes sense to use generic names for the arguments and the KW The keyword arguments
because we don't know what those arguments are going to be we don't know the names of them we don't
know the meaning of them.
We don't even know what the function is.
So something like this is perfectly fine.
And of course we then have to pass those along.
So whenever we pass things along because we don't know what's coming in and we're just passing it to
something else then typically we'll use these generic names and the convention that everybody seems
to use is in capable hands and that's fine.
OK.
And that's fine if I can get my syntax right.
String code.
I don't need that opening brace.
OK.
There we go.
So now let's go ahead and decorate two functions let's say.
Say hello and I'm calling my variable my parameter name and I'm going to return again a formatted string
that's going to be hello name.
OK.
Now you'll notice here I didn't use on it right.
I used the name because it makes more sense I'm passing in the name to this function.
I want to know somebody to know when they look at this function that hey you're going to pass a name
to it.
So that's the first one.
And let's go ahead and create another function that's going to calculate the product of whatever values
we passing.
So again I'm passing in values.
I'm going to call my variable number of positional argument values.
I'm not going to call it.
I could take I could say this but in this case I know the meaning of what those we are.
Those arguments are going to be values that we want to find the product of.
So in order to find the product I'm going to use Reduce.
So from operators.
I'm going to import the multiplication operators from and then from phunk tools.
I'm going to import to reduce you've seen this before so I'm not going to discuss that.
So I think we're going to return reduce Climo values.
Okay that's it.
It made more sense using the name values then rather arms.
So now of course I can say hello and I can even pass it as a keyword argument if I want.
Hello Polly.
And here we have the decorator around called say hello and then we get the return value of our function
call.
Similarly I can call product on 1 2 3 4 5 for example.
We get the decorator around and then we get the product result which is 120 Similarly let's say that
we have a class and in that class we want to allow users to specify during the initialization stage
any extra attributes custom attributes that they want.
So I'm going to keep it kind of very simple let's say we have a person class and let's define the Dunder
init method which is going to take a name and an age and then some extra stuff whatever else the user
wants to pass us kind of custom attributes for this class and I'm going to store them as attributes
on the class.
But I'm going to take them in through the initializers so I could definitely say KW.
But I have you know I know the meaning of the things being passed in their custom attributes.
I'm going to call them custom at tributes Rockholt by the full name.
Right.
I know what they are.
The custom attributes so in here what am I going to do.
I'm going to say self-taught name the chords name self-drive age equals page and then I'm going to loop
through my custom attributes and I'm going to get the key name which is you know in this dictionary
which is going to be the attribute name and the value which is going to become the value of the attribute.
So I'm going to unpack attribute name and attribute value in custom attributes on items.
OK.
So I'm iterating the custom attributes dictionary.
Then what I want to do I want to set the attributes of self.
I want to set the attribute name and the attribute value.
All right that's it.
So it made more sense calling those custom attributes than calling it.
KW arms.
So now of course I can say for example parrots equals Palsson.
The name is Polly.
The ages are 101 the status.
Now these are my custom attributes that I want to add.
I want to add an attribute that the status is stiff and whether its rooms or not.
I'm going to say that's false.
So now I have my parrot.
And if I look at the vowels in our parrots
you can see that I have my name and my age and then the other attributes that I passed in status and
rooms boom's right.
I could say Michael equals Palsson.
My name is Pailin ages.
Well give him an age of 42.
His role is the shop keepers.
And he's crooked.
He's crooked.
True.
OK.
So again half passed in these custom attributes and if I print the last of my coke then you'll see that
I have my custom attributes in the class.
Again just naming conventions name your variables mean give them meaningful names.
So KW arts is not meaningful in cases like this where we're basically only use them as a way to catch
arguments being passed but we have no idea what they are.
Sure we can't give those meaningful names other than these other positional arguments and these are
the keyword arguments that were called when the funk was called.
But from that we don't know anything else.
But in other cases like here we know what the meaning is of that particular parameter.
We know the meaning of this particular parameter here.
All right.
Thanks for watching.
See you in the next video.